hello everyone in this video I would be
like to talk about the talent tree
through miss spender beta and 5.0 point
for that's coming out tomorrow what I'm
making this video for the first level 15
tree I would like to take a crouching
tiger hidden camara it reduces the
cooldown of disengage by 10 seconds and
the cooldown of the turns by 60 seconds
I think that's really nice even with
like the glyph of currents and
reflection
for level 30 i like linux an open shot
cuz it's a 20 second cooldown prospects
three-second silence sometimes I might
take worms then get my like compound
running you have like lots of interrupts
islands and stuff but most have time
i'll probably having sounds and shot
for the level of 45 tree I'm going to be
taking xhilaration it's a two minute
cooldown instantly Hills you for thirty
percent of your total HP and your pet
for one hundred percent of its toll HP
for the 63 for the 60 treat I'm going to
be taking fever instantly restores at
the focus to you and your pet and an
additional 50 focus or 10 seconds that's
30 second I what's the current BM burst
it's probably the best just like on Meg
that they hope there's no need to wait
make it fifty focus over a while
for the level 75 tree I've taken links
rush so 1.5 minute cooldown rapidly
chart your pet rapidly charged the
Target to target attacking nine times
over for second still in two hundred
percent of its little damage to each
target I usually macro it in with a
rabbit just because they're like summer
cooldowns and its really nice to use
together
for the nine de tree I took parishat
it's a one minute cooldown it does 800
weapon damage 200 I mean 400 left damage
to targets in between you and it also
knocks them back uh this is usually only
good for like openers and such but I
still take it also the Rings I'm not
taking a strike I might use it like vs.
some comps but the damage with links
josh is just amazing right now
now for a glyphs or I like to take
market death I just has that five
percent attack power bonus I don't know
sometimes I like just have the extra
damage on these wounds I usually change
a lot sometimes I'll take mirrored
blades and sometimes I will take
sometimes we'll take animal bond and
sometimes I'll take mirrored blades just
because like versus what comp you know
maybe like it's mainly on explosive
traps whole bunch of Castro's don't
think Mary blades just all depends the
miners don't really matter but this is
for BMP peel inspect so yeah from this
respect pretty nice yeah